parametrize erasure coding numbers (#506)
gavofyork/graypaper: text/definitions.tex

  \item[$\Csegmentsize = \Csegmentecpieces\Cecpiecesize = 4104$] The size of a segment in octets. See section \ref{sec:segments}.
  \item[$\Csegmentfootprint = \Csegmentsize + 32\ceil{\log_2(\Cmaxpackageimports)} = 4488$] The additional footprint in the Audits DA of a single imported segment. See equation \ref{eq:segmentfootprint}.
  \item[$\Cmaxpackageimports = 3,072$] The maximum number of imports in a work-package. See equation \ref{eq:limitworkpackagebandwidth}.

>   \item[$\Cecoriginalshardsize = \nicefrac{\Cecpiecesize}{2} = 342$] The number of required original data shards in an erasure coding scheme. See equation \ref{eq:erasurecoding}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item[$\Cecoriginalshards = \nicefrac{\Cecpiecesize}{2} = 342$] The number of "original" shards data is broken up into for erasure-coding. Equivalently, the number of shards required for reconstruction. See appendix \ref{sec:erasurecoding}.
```

I think `originalshardsize` is misleading. To me that sounds like the size of a shard, not the number of shards which is what this is. `eq:erasurecoding` doesn't use this constant so it seems odd to point at that directly; just pointing at the EC appendix seems fine to me.
